feat(Splitter): add destroyOnHidden prop to manage panel content mounting (#56772)
ant-design/ant-design: components/splitter/index.en-US.md

| classNames | Customize class for each semantic structure inside the component. Supports object or function. | Record<[SemanticDOM](#semantic-dom), string> \| (info: { props })=> Record<[SemanticDOM](#semantic-dom), string> | - |  |
| collapsible | `motion` to enable collapse animation, `icon` to customize collapse icons | `{ motion?: boolean; icon?: { start?: ReactNode; end?: ReactNode } }` | - | 6.4.0 |
| ~collapsibleIcon~ | custom collapsible icon | `{start?: ReactNode; end?: ReactNode}` | - | 6.0.0 |

> | destroyOnHidden | Destroy panel content when collapsed (size is 0). Applies to all panels, can be overridden per panel | `boolean` | `false` | 6.2.3 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| destroyOnHidden | Destroy panel content when collapsed (size is 0). Applies to all panels, can be overridden per panel | `boolean` | `false` | 6.4.0 |
```
